{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red43\green138\blue83;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;\cssrgb\c20000\c60000\c40000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Event Driven Programming
\f0\b0 \cf2 \
This assignment will have you write three short programs that illustrate Event-Driven programs and Animations. The skills you get from this chapter will help you to better visualize some of the classical data structures you will tackle in the latter chapters of the book.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Part I
\f0\b0 : 
\f1\b Future\'a0Value Calculator\'a0
\f0\b0 (same as Exercise 15.5, page 635)\
Write a program that calculates the future value of an investment at a given interest rate for a specified number of years. The formula for the calculation is:\
futureValue= investmentAmount * (1 + monthlyInterestRate)
\fs24 years*12
\fs32 \
Use text fields for the investment amount, number of years, and annual interest rate. Display the future amount in a text field when the user clicks the\'a0
\f2\i Calculate
\f0\i0  button, as shown in Figure 15.2b of the text.\

\f1\b Part II: Vertices and Distances\'a0
\f0\b0 (same as Exercise 15.16, page 637)\
Write a program that displays two circles with radius 10 at locations (40, 40) and (120, 150) with a line connecting the two circles as shown in Figure 15.30b, on page 636 of the text. The distance between the circles is displayed along the line connecting them. The user can drag a circle. When that happens, the circle and line are moved, and the distance between the circles is updated.\

\f1\b Part III: Control the Clock\'a0
\f0\b0 (similar to Exercise 15.32, page 640)\
Modify the DetailedClockPane.java class in your detailed clock program, to add animation to this class. Be sure to include \cb3 start()\cb1  and \cb3 stop()\cb1  methods to start and stop the clock, respectively.Then write a program that lets the user control the clock with the 
\f2\i start
\f0\i0  and
\f2\i  stop
\f0\i0  buttons.}